What's up, my friend? You are listening to another episode
of Life in English. I'm your host, Tony Kaizen, and the
question I've got for you today is: will you be okay with
the same thing next year? I
want you to close your eyes for a moment. That's right. I
don't care what you're doing right now. I don't care where
you are. Just stop and close your eyes for a moment, unless
you are driving a car, obviously. But I want you to think
about where you are right now. Are you at work? Are you at
school?
Are you on the train? Are you at home washing the dishes?
What city are you in? What country? How much money do you
make? How are your relationships with the people closest to
you? How are your physical and mental health? What about
your communication skills? What do you spend most of your
time doing? Take stock of exactly where you are in life
right now. Would you be satisfied with yourself and your
life
if you were in the same exact place one year from now? If
you said yes, then there's no need to
keep listening to this episode. I'll talk to you in the next
one. But if you said, "hell no!", then you've got to wake up
and realize that's exactly where you're going to be if you
don't start thinking and doing things differently. You're
exactly where you are right now because of each and every
one of the choices you've made over the past year. There's
no such thing as a big or small decision. There's no such
thing as a trivial decision. Every single one of them
creates the future we will eventually experience. If a man
smoked a pack of cigarettes everyday for the next year, what
would happen? It's safe to say his health would suffer,
right? If a woman ate well and went to the gym consistently
for the next year, what would happen? Her mind, body, and
spirit would undoubtedly benefit from that, right? If you
practice your English with real people everyday for the next
year, what would happen? I think you and I both know the
answer to that question. So I ask you again: would you be
satisfied with yourself and your life if you were in the
same exact place one year from now? If not, then I suggest
you get to work.
Peace!